(Two members watching O.E.C and Olivia Hye's filming!)
Chuu: ODD EYE CIRCLE is...
Chuu: staring at Olivia Hye!
Chuu: Oh my... my Olivia Hye... come over here~
HeeJin: No~
(HeeJin and Chuu are hugging each other and two girls are coming behind them withouth making a noise!)
Chuu: I want to shoot something with HeeJin like that...
HeeJin: So do I
HeeJin: Uh? What?
(Two girls are Yves and Go Won!)
HeeJin: (Join yyxy!) From now on, I'm Olivia HeeJin!
Chuu: Olivia Hee~!
Yves: It's too long, right?
(Olivia + Yves = Oli Yves~)
(Olivia + Go Won = Oligo)
Chuu: Oligo-dang (Oligosaccharide) ~~
(As expected, LOOΠΔ / yyxy is funny like a comedian...)
(And the shooting is still continuing)
Chuu: Are they threatening our Olivia Hye...?
Yves: Nope, that's not good!
Yves: Don't threat people like that~
Chuu: That's what I'm saying!
Chuu: Hey!
Chuu: You...
Chuu: Better realize that approaching like that could be a threat to someone!
(They're threatening them to not threat Olivia Hye...)
Yves: How about showing 'the gesture' later today?
(Chuu sensed what she is thinking)
Go Won: You mean this?
(Yves is the trend icon of LOOΠΔ!)
(Doing this gesture is good when you love this feeling)
(Please look forward to LOONA's swag as a whole group!)